a 1992 wigging braved trouble hearing me
outside don't worry Ruby inside pretty
quick soon here - online at link RV
Center - isolate comp shows an email
invest our video Rice Lake at Lee motors
calm or shoot as a phone call at seven
one five two three four eighty one
ninety six and again we're taking a look
at a ninety to Winnipeg Oh brave this
has the four fifty four v8 Chevy motor
in it you can still all things right
behind if you vote or anything you want
to take with you while you're camping
this is perfect unit to do with
full-size spare tire in the back
fiberglass exterior fully walkable roof
with roof ladder storage units along the
side water hookups heat exhaust gas
electric connections whole nine yards
again like I said plenty of storage on
this if you're looking for an older RV
that's really going to be the best bang
for your buck again seventy one thousand
miles but it's a Winnebago this thing is
going to last forever let's go on inside
and as we're going inside you're going
to notice this large 16-foot awning as
well perfect sitting out having a good
time first thing you're going to notice
when we come in here is the large sofa
now this sofa is a sofa sleeper
it also has access to three separate
seatbelt latches so while you're driving
you can also have three other people in
this unit safe and secure captain's
chairs up front for both passenger and
driver easy to get in and around stereo
speakers your full console with AC in
this unit small TV up front you can
definitely upgrade that to an HD TV if
you wanted storage everywhere in this
unit again you got plenty of space you
can have a good time camping with this
unit
AC unit as well as ducted floor Heat
you can see one of the ducts right there
full service kitchen four burner stove
range top oven with warming guy or
warmer in it runs right off your LP full
microwave plenty storage above
double sink it's an aluminum sink it's
going to last and again Winnebago is
known for its quality this unit is it
you can barely tell that this unit is an
aged unit dinette with flip-up leaves
you can sit for people on this again
it's a mobile unit so you can move
around if you need to take it outside
want to relax underneath you're on go
for it again plenty of storage up and
above norcold refrigerator eight cubic
feet with a freezer electric or gas
there's your furnace unit right there
tons of storage wardrobe here with a
full mirror and again play space in that
wardrobe as we go past your we'll turn
around real quick give you a quick shot
of the front and again this unit is in
great shape glass shower door large
shower you don't have a real being
cramped toilet closet for your privacy
again plenty of storage large mirror
toilets not you know hard to get to bath
fan with skylight still working guys
again this unit is in great shape
finally we're going to end here with
your master suite
large fully walk around bed sliding door
for your privacy again guys if you're
looking for a units in great shape a
little bit you know older but great
price point and you know ready to get
you out there this unit is it come on in
give us a phone call seven one five two
three four eighty one ninety six we'd
love to help you out maybe make a deal
on this Winnebago we'll see you soon
have a good one guys